Mom: here's my card go in there & buy us something to eat Me: Bet Mom: DON'T SPEND TOO MU-- Me:
In The Beningging
And that gave me a little heart attack and so you need somebody who needs to know
Kanye's back to his old self again
I would try it once. Would you? 
Bruv what a Savage
Nothing says cinco de mayo like cultural appropriation!
It's always the homie who doesn't have a mic who survives too smh
How I feel after watching Infinity wars
Its Better To Arrive Late Than To Arrive Ugly.
Do you ever get bored on the internet and then grab your phone to see what the other, smaller internet is up to?
I stress about stress before there's even stress to stress about
You vs the guy she tells you not to worry about
Making different accounts , so as to keep the free trial.
I've spent my whole adult life chasing the high of a scholastic book fair
I just took a break and had a vacation to Delhi... really it was a BREATHTAKING experience...
You must reach maximum dirtiness before leaving the park.
When you're takin a while to order and the person behind you in line smack their lips and say omg under their breath
When you hear someone saying something nice about you from a distance
Couples that moon together stay together.
Me as a parent
I love this and I don’t care who knows it. It’s Gonna be May
When a deaf person asks you what time it is but you don't understand sign language and it's 8:54 so you have to improvise
If you're having a bad day here's a puppy fighting a lemon
Best part of having a newborn at home? Making memes off her expressions
When you learn 3 words in spanish
When you’re about that bike life and goggles ain’t cutting it
Kids these days will never understand the struggles we faced.
What, human? Don't judge my life.
TFW When your gameplay is so fire it triggers the fire alarm IRL
Roses are red Violets are blue When aunties are around There's another marriage in queue! ;)
When your best friend sit next to someone else in the class
When you play games for 12 hours straught and finally take off your headphones
And the sad part, after browsing 4 hours finally you found the perfect dress but unfortunately your size not available.
Well i'll just leave this here
This is my life now
Doing me and not mad about it 
I only love my stones and gamora I’m sorry
Any plans for the weekend? Me: sleep
Me: well I just woke up time to be productive Me to Me: stare at your phone in bed for an hour
When you're a non-member and somebody decides to share food with you
The end justifies the memes
Pros and cons of getting that perfect slay picture for the gram.
If god exists explain this
If the earth is flat explain this
Valley girl starter pack
Guy: So what machine would you recommend using to impress the ladies Trainer: Probably the ATM in the lobby
Don't you just hate it when that happens
How I look after spending hours in the studio making fire
i’m just a gorl who’s despicably obsessed with these gru memes...
When all ur friends are talking about all the jobs they applied for online and you just finished a survey to find out what type bread you are
When you accidentally open the front cam
Do you ever want to lose weight but the weight doesn't want to lose you?
Interviewer: how would you describe yourself? Me: verbally, but i've also prepared a dance
The look you give when you go to a ritualist to use your self for money rituals, and he tells you that you have already been used by another person and there's nothing he can do about it
When I'm trying to reach the minimum word count on an essay
When Mom ask you to be nice with her new boyfriend
If tomato is a fruit wouldn't that make ketchup a smoothie?
When you’re at prom and you hear Cotton Eye Joe start to play
You can't kill me if i'm not in the movie
When you hear your name in apublic place even though nobody you know is there and your name rare af
Do twins ever realise that one of them was unplanned?
When you're trying to stay positive and have fun but your depression is lurking in the shadows
When you think about something and then all of the sudden it shows up as an ad on your timeline
When you keep pressing the same button in a fighting game
Friend: Our flight is at 3am so we could go out drinking and then go straight to the airport Me: sounds like a great idea Narrator: it was not a great idea
Roses are red college is long decisions decisions all of them are wrong
Nurse: sir you've been in a coma since 1789 Man:Boy I can't wait to see my government with no political parties
It *does* take motivation to work your ass off for no pay.
Jennie: wait! u cutting ur bang again? i thought u just did that? Lisa: unnie.. can't u see that? i'm tryna impress u..? Jennie: LMAO. nice to try! try harder. Lisa: tries not to cry
Sleep is for the weak comrade
